Add Stack info links (#551)
TheThingsNetwork/docs: doc/content/lorawan/adaptive-data-rate/_index.md

## ADR in The Things Stack

{{< info >}}

> Check [The Things Stack documentation](https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/reference/adr/#how-adr-works) for more specifics on how ADR works on the Stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check [{{% tts %}} documentation](https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/reference/adr/#how-adr-works) for more specifics on how ADR works on the {{% tts %}}.
```
